
September 9th: Weekly Meeting with Professor Oberoi

  Actions:
    1. Email Sherrie to ask about
      a. Scope options, what she is thinking about for scope
      b. Weekly meetings set-up
      c. Final deliverable expectations
      d. Unblock the word document in a previous email
    2. Email Nick Acuardi
      a. What direction his group given at the beginning of their project
      b. Would a similar scope apply to our project?
  
  Ideas:
    1. Requirements doc content
      a. We know we need a web scraper
      b. How are we going to label our data?
    2. Can we talk to Dan Young, Sergio about better structure on the project?
    3. Be persistent with our communication
      a. Email all then if we don’t get a response, email each individual
      b. We can always be doing something to prepare
      
September 6th: Capstone Kickoff Meeting with Sherrie

  Notes:
    1. Working with Cal Poly
      a. collaboration project potentially
      b. Cal Poly is sticking with California though so it’s separate but aligned in that the data is similar and we are aligning id’s, etc. 
    2. Focus of pilot on Florida (connection between China/Korea through New York then to Florida) 
      a. Identifying all forms of human tracking, focusing our efforts 
    3. Software (We will get an infrastructure document) 
      a. Microsoft Accenture  
      b. Splunk
        i. Way to export data
        ii. Splunk query we will get documentation doc 
        iii. Splunk for good
      c. Microsoft Azure (C#) 
      d. Minerva
        i. Aggregation interface 
        ii. Investigation tool (FBI, Banks, Polaris, private corporations, etc.) 
      e. Future access: AWS using Jupiter/Notebook (GEN doesn't have access yet) 
    4. Data
      a. Scraping google reviews, yelp reviews 
        i. Reviews sometimes tell whether there’s shady stuff going on 
      b. Run maps 
      c. Is this a massage business? If yes, are they engaged in human trafficking?   
      d. State based data publish disciplinary actions (all named slightly different), pull down files 
        i. Also all massage studios with business licenses (and massage therapists) 
        ii. And massage therapists with a record 
        iii. Had to get case files, read through them, saved each of those 
        iv. Convert case files to csv’s 
      e. Now, is it clean enough? 90% of the job is cleaning data 
      f. Majority of businesses are located in strip malls super close together so gps location is difficult for a normalized id 
        i. Solution: append suit number 
     5. Potential Scope
      a. GeoFencing – creating a grid to help distinguish businesses 
      b. Creating something to work that out would help scale this. 
      c. Help tackle the scalability issues, applying the findings from Florida to Washington and/or Oregon.
      d. Artemis tool we are going to be a part in creating?
      e. Machine learning, deep learning, image analysis, google satellite images, cctv feeds (image analysis) 
     6. Timeline
      a. We need to make that timeline together with Sherrie
      b. Took about 3 months (full-time) to finish the Florida work 
      c. List of data we need, collections data
        i. Can we automate this?
          1. Adam Maxwell – looking at solutions for scrapers to gather data 
      d. Cleaning the data
      e. Then machine learning
     7. Expectations
      a. problem solve, clean data, real life work 
      b. This project is not expected to be 100% complete, a lot of the problems Sherrie presented haven’t been solved by the professionals
         so those are challenging exciting problems that we can provide a unique viewpoint on.
      c. In the beginning we are going to spend a lot of time collecting data and figuring out how to make it machine-able 
     8. Check-ins
      a. Weekly meeting
      b. We need a group meeting with the Cal Poly team to sync 
      c. Splunk for good: Interfacing with Splunk engineers to make sure data is processing okay 
      d. Accenture: Working with two engineers there, weekly meeting and slack channel devoted to Accenture slack channel 
        i. They have an algorithm/model they are using and used in Florida 
        ii. They can field questions about how the pilot project went 
      9. Best way to reach Sherrie
       a. Email is good for day-to-day questions 
       b. We will be added to slack channel that exists 

      
  Main Idea:
    Narrow down to find: massage businesses -> those that sell sex -> those engaged in human trafficking 
    Assigning a risk factor for each business to then give to each end user / stake holder 
 
  Actions:
    1. Sign NDA, and offensive content document 
      a. Once Sherrie gets the documents, they will set us up with credentials for: GitHub, Minerva, all those resources at the same time 
      b. Why? Will have to manually verify data, we might see things that are offensive/disturbing 
    2. Make sure meetings get set up - Send Sherrie a list of days that work best for us! 
      a. Sherrie will set up meeting with Accenture 
    3. Make sure we get all the info we need
      a. Sherrie will send over the list of scope options 
      b. We will be added to slack channel that exists 
      c. How do we know whether or not the massage parlor is actually involved in human trafficking or not?
